API-12935 Added ads_traffic greeting description (#1405)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/management/configuration-api/v2.0/index.mdx

| `search_keyword`    | When a visitor has searched for a specific keyword                                                                  |
| `custom_variable`   | The greeting will be sent when the specified variable is met [documented below](#custom-variable)                   |
| `url_funnel`        | The visitors who visit the specified sequence of websites will receive the greeting [documented below](#url-funnel) |

> | `ads_traffic`       | The greeting will be sent when customer fist visited page contains ad provider parameters                           |

Reviewer: I am not sure what we want to achieve here🤔 It is not clear to me when I read it. Do we want?
1. The greeting will be sent when the customer's first visited page contains ad provider parameters
or
2. The greeting will be sent when the customer first visits the page that contains ad provider parameters
I assume we want option 1, but I prefer to confirm😜

Author: Option 2 seems fine

<Text>

### Ads traffic

> The greeting will be sent when the customer first visit url contains specified ads parameters.

Reviewer: Here the same case as above
1. The greeting will be sent when the customer's first visited URL contains specified ads parameters.
2. The greeting will be sent when the customer first visits the URL containing specified ads parameters.

When using the `ads_traffic` greeting rule, you also may provide `variable_name` and `variable_value`.
For example, providing `variable_name` as `facebook` and `variable_value` as `1234` will send the greeting when

> the customer first visit url contains `fbclid=1234`.

Reviewer: here I assume we mean `...the customer first visits URL containing...`

> You also can add the optional `operator` parameter (defaults to `equals`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add the optional `operator` parameter (defaults to `equals`).
```

Possible `variable_name` values are:
<ul>
  <li><code>facebook</code> for <code>fbclid</code>,</li>
  <li><code>google</code> for <code>dclid</code>, <code>gbraid</code>, <code>gclid</code>, <code>gclsrc</code>, <code>
  wbraid</code>,</li>
  <li><code>microsoft</code> for <code>msclkid</code>,</li>
  <li><code>twitter</code> for <code>twclid</code>,</li>
  <li><code>yahoo</code> for <code>yclid</code>,</li>
</ul>

> Max allowed `variable_value` length is 255 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum allowed `variable_value` length is 255 characters.
```

> When not providing `variable_name` and `variable_value`, the greeting will be sent when the customer first visit url

Reviewer: Like above, I believe we want
When not providing `variable_name` and `variable_value`, the greeting will be sent when the customer first visits the URL containing any of the ads parameters.

contains any of the ads parameters.

> When providing only `variable_name`, the greeting will be sent when the customer first visit url containing any of the

Reviewer: Like above, I belive we want
When providing only `variable_value`, the greeting will be sent when the customer first visits the URL containing any of the ads parameters with the specified values. <- I belive we should make value plural

ads parameters coming from the provider with the specified name.

> When providing only `variable_value`, the greeting will be sent when the customer first visit url contains any of the

Reviewer: Like above, I believe we want
When providing only variable_value, the greeting will be sent when the customer first visits the URL containing any of the ads parameters with the specified values. <- I believe we should make value plural

<Text>

### Ads traffic

The greeting will be sent when the customer visits the page containing ad provider parameters for the first
time (per session).

When using the `ads_traffic` greeting rule, you also may provide `variable_name` and `variable_value`.
For example, providing `variable_name` as `facebook` and `variable_value` as `1234` will send the greeting when
the customer first visits URL containing `fbclid=1234`.
You can also add the optional `operator` parameter (defaults to `equals`).

Possible `variable_name` values are:
<ul>
  <li><code>facebook</code> for <code>fbclid</code>,</li>
  <li><code>google</code> for <code>dclid</code>, <code>gbraid</code>, <code>gclid</code>, <code>gclsrc</code>, <code>
  wbraid</code>,</li>
  <li><code>microsoft</code> for <code>msclkid</code>,</li>
  <li><code>twitter</code> for <code>twclid</code>,</li>
  <li><code>yahoo</code> for <code>yclid</code>,</li>
</ul>

The maximum allowed `variable_value` length is 255 characters.

When not providing `variable_name` and `variable_value`, the greeting will be sent when the customer first visits the
URL containing any of the ads parameters.

> When providing only `variable_value`, the greeting will be sent when the customer first visits the URL containing any of

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be `variable_name` here?🤔 Except this one, everything looks good :)
